https://codepen.io/reginaagunod/pen/XWmWGNW?editors=1100
<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes.

    1. What is Semantic HTML? readable tagnames that explain what they do or are for.
    2. What is HTML used for? marking up web pages on the internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Gives more info on elements using width or height.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? Header 1 tag, once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes images, paragraphs
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? doc type
    7. What is an id? unique name used to specify something on a doc.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Header, paragraph, body
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? an attribute you can add to an element, you can come up with your own names.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times as I'd like.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? using an href
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? used for when the image can not be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section is used like chapters where div is used like a divider.
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? selects all elements that are direct chiild to a specific element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?  div:link
    24. What is a pseudo selector? selects elements that are in a specfic state.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transformation
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    34. Why should I use version control?
    35. How often should I commit to github? after I'm done adding
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push origin branch name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?



   -->
